It was a bright day in Asgard — the heavenly birds chirping, flowers rising, the sun remained far from us yet it greeted us softly. The sun looked small and dim from Asgard, but the magical powers and mana streams casted their light upon us in this hidden land no common mortal could see.

I could roughly see about twenty moons out of the hundreds that circled Asgard, and the faint tint of the icy bridge where the Bifrost leaked out of the realm. Asgard, by default, was a very chilly — not that it affected my rotten bones — but I, the self proclaimed reclusive princess, would rather stay under my blanket in one of the rooms in Valaskjalf assigned for me where no other guests would be put around my room unless necessities and occupancy require it.

My two brothers were very resistant to cold, however my flesh was a little more sensitive. Nevertheless, it did not mean that I was weak. I knew I had always been strong that I even believed I was stronger than the so-called strongest maiden in all of Asgard — though the word maiden was questionable, considering she was the Queen of Asgard.

I heard footsteps, calm, rythmical, yet careful which ended in a knock at my door.
“Pardon me, Lady Anabel, your breakfast is ready,” said one of the castle maids that frequent my room as one of her daily task to feed me. She had known the door of my room more than she ever knew me.

I did not answer. She left the tray on the table in front of my door, and I listened to her steps fading away before I opened it.

As expected — the usual Sæhrímnir, said to be the best pork in the nine realms. Today it was rolled and grilled, the skin crispy and a little burnt. I brought it into my room and ate in silence. Then I gulped my Heiðrún milk, placed the tray back outside after ensuring no one was wandering around, and returned to my bed with my books.

My father frequently visited Midgard and often brought back books from there for me. It should have been forbidden, but he somehow had his ways. He was a respected god after all — though perhaps respected in a more negative way. My father certainly loved me the most, for I was his youngest child and only daughter. He had other children with other women or eventually men besides my mother, but I was his only girl. So, naturally, he was delighted in bringing me gifts to accompany my self-granted isolation.

This time, it was a story about a girl granted with magic by a pair of shoes that sparkled like mirrors. Stories always immersed me, and let me went in a meditative state where I could hide from the noises of the world. I peeked under my blanket, looking at my own feet — rotten like a decaying corpse, horrendous at best, gore at worst — but that was what defined me.

Yet I was quite proud of my face: flesh on skin intact, and some even said my face was fair, with bosoms to boast.

I was the living and the dead at the same time. If it were not a curse, it was a fate, for me to probably live with for the rest of my nearly immortal life.

I am Anabel and the called me the decayed until one day no one remembered my name anymore.