For the first time in my life, I felt excited about meeting a man. Maybe I was just around that age, though I was too ancient to say that.

I picked my white dress with excitement, I cleansed my body extra clean, because I knew this man would make me very messy. I tied my hair for the first time after countless cycles of night and day. I also ensured that I brought some items to be intimate to this man. I even prepared a well lit hidden space only for the two of us.

I wondered what would my father or my brothers think if they read my mind.

“Johann, you would have more fun with me compared to what you had with Garaam” or so I told myself.

Every day, at Idavoll just right outside of the halls of Valhalla, the Einherjars fought, to be wounded, to be killed, to be resurrected. Johann is no exception. And, I have dug a hole, far below Idavoll to meet with him.

I sat in the corner of the cave that I dug, closing my eyes, I focused my hearing to every footstep, every laughter, every word, every scream. Johann did not like to charge first, he liked to wait until things became chaotic, and it was easy to pinpoint him. With a small gesture of my hand, I grabbed his leg through my magic, and unbeknownst to anyone, I pulled him through the land, the dirt until he fell broken in front of me screaming.

He was bleeding hard since I forced him to go through the hard earth without proper protection. Several of his bones were already broken due to the impact and forced propulsion. I did not forget to ensure the hole is filled back to hide the evidence.

He was struggling, until he regained his senses he began to scream. He was out of breath and tried to endure the pain. I could commend him for surviving that. Most people would die.
“Welcome to my secret chamber,” I smiled brightly.

He tried to open his eyes to see who spoke to him, he struggled to even do that. He even needed to force his head to bend to be able to see me.

“Y-you…” he tried to talk.

“Ah, you know me? Well I know I am well known. And you really flattered me”
“What... what are…” he still could not speak.

“Well, you are the first man I ever invited to be alone with me. Let us keep this a secret between us. Especially not to Freya and my father” I laughed.

With his nearly torn arm, which was protected by the heavy armor he had, he tried to stand.

“Oh, don't force yourself, you can just stay still”. I kicked his hand, a bit hard that it flew.
He fell and he was silent for a moment, until he realized what happened, he screamed so hard.

“WHY?”

“It's okay, you just need to lie down. Since I am an aggressive woman, I will do the deed for you, now let me open your broken armor for you” I told him. He was not afraid of me, I could see eyes of hatred, then I started to force open his armor which was bent over due to the land-digging and ripped the armor piece by piece. He screamed so hard, but no one could hear.