As I have predicted, I was a mess. My white dress turned red, even after I tied my hair, some of his blood splattered aimlessly. In front of me was just a hunk of body, with no power to scream nor shout.
I was supposed to have lots of stamina, but doing what I did was mentally exhausting that I dropped down, and sat on the floor, yet satisfied. I never would have imagined that I could torture a person so well, even to the point I had no remorse nor nausea, but maybe joy was the most correct answer.

The body in front of me tried its best to breathe, hoping that death would embrace it. I could no longer use the word 'he' because Johann was very much in a mess that no one would be able to tell if he was a human.

The sound of battle had stopped for a few hours already, and night would come.

“Hey, you can still listen to me right,” I tried to poke it, and it kinda retaliated but could not move. “Come on, don't be like that on our first date, the night is still long”

"By the way, did you meet Lady Athena when she had a political visit to Asgard?" and of course he would not answer, I even doubted if he could hear me.

"I personally hated her, Medusa was clearly raped but Medusa was the one being punished, and she felt righteous about it because she thought Medusa was disgracing her temple.
"If it was me, I would do to Lord Poseidon the same way I did to you amidst he was a high ranking God on their religion"

Lady Athena and Lord Poseidon belong to another land in the same worldly sphere as Asgard. In a way we could say they were our neighbors with their own believers. We had friendly political relationship with other lands, other various lands that humans would call heaven, though for me Asgard was never a heaven.

All of a sudden, I could feel mana surging from the surrounding, a warm soft light enveloped the body, and it began to regenerate to its fullest condition, becoming a man again, only this time naked.

As soon as he regained his full consciousness, he quickly moved away from me, but there were only walls around us.
“Why...” this time I heard his shivering voice, and his body was trembling as he just recovered from his wounds. He could not escape, the room only belonged to us.
“Oh, now you are trembling, where was the eye of hatred that I received this morning?” I tried to stand, and I could feel he became tenser.

Through the dim light that I created through my magic, I still could see tears flowing out of his eyes. Then he bent his knees and bowed to me. “Please… stop… why...” this time he cried. I heard lots of Einherjars crying the first time they reached Valhalla especially after their brutal daily brawl, but to see Johann crying was an achievement.

“Why you said?” I walked closer to him and patted his shoulder. He flinched as my skin, still wet from his blood touched his clean shoulder.

I took some time to just let the silence fill the space. “I made a promise to some certain maid who might have cried in fear yesternight”
Only then, the shivering somehow stopped, but somehow I naturally felt fear increasing from him as he did not answer.

“As fellow woman, I just cannot ignore what you have done to her,” I smiled though he could not see my face. I kneeled to whisper on his ears, “shall we continue our love making?”
“No, please, no more,” he said.

I continued what I did earlier, but then I had much more time until the next night came to heal him again. I could hear whispers and panics during the feast up above, everyone was looking for Johann and no one could find him, but I ignored them and I knew I would bring the gift to them when I felt like it.

The second night, he recovered again, and the first thing he said was sorry, but I ignored him. He tried to attack me but nothing a mere human soul could do to someone born a Goddess.
Then on the third night, he recovered again to be an empty husk, only then I returned him to Valhalla as everyone was having a feast. He said nothing, but everyone could see that it was not Johann who returned, but an empty vessel who had been broken. I was not there to accompany him, but everyone already suspected me since the maid told Lord Odin that for 3 days straight, I did not even touch my meal. But I just went back to my guest room, washed myself, got changed and slept.