I woke up that day. I had countless cycles of sleep. Nightmares greeted me frequently. Some other time, I would find dreams where I woke up inside of another dream, a multi layered dream that rendered everything to be vague. But in the end, reality itself was my worst nightmare that would destroy me, and I would prefer to go back to my slumber.

I was stuck, with hatred, with suffering, with void. I did not know what to feel, what to want, what to wish. But that day, that very day was the first time I could finally breathe 
easier again though I was still fuzzy. I was unsure what gave me the strength, but I tried to sit on my bed.

I saw the kitchen knife, the one I was holding tight that night. The one that I wished would help me end my suffering. And it was sitting on the desk next to my bed like a silent witness. She said that I would not be needing it.

A soft knock was heard, and my mother appeared, to her surprise, she found her daughter already awake and sitting by the side of the bed. “Garaam!” she said, she rushed to hug me. My father also rushed to my room as soon as he realized I had woken up.

I did not know what to say, not even knew how to react. I did not respond to their hugs. I kind of wished someone else came, my fiancee, but I did realize through the 3 days of my endless cycle of nightmare, he never once came. In fact, the way they hugged me did not console me, but gave me some flashbacks of what had happened prior, I cried again, but they did not.

When I stopped crying I just realized that I woke up when the light of the day was about to end. My cycles of sleep and my denial of waking up had rendered my understanding of time to be useless.

“I know you might not feel like it, but please eat” said my mother, I just nodded. She fed me with a bowl of porridge. I could taste it, I knew I felt hungry, but I did not feel like eating.

That day I did not move from my room. As the night was coming, there was a knock at our door. The door was open, and I could hear the voice of my father greeted the guests and inviting them inside. I could not tell who they were, but the way my father spoke politely could only mean that they were not our relatives.

I sat on my bed, gazing all the moons that were visible through my window. I felt my back tired from sitting, my arms weary from holding to my weight, but I did not feel like moving, I just sat there motionless. The air of the night somewhat reminded me of how I tried to finish cleaning the halls when that happened, then suddenly the memories forced their way to me and my body shivered again at the glimpse of the horror.

The guests were leaving. Took them long enough, but before they finally parted with my father one sentence was something that piqued my interest from one of the guest, “She will be tried, and maybe your daughter will be called to testify”.

“She?” my mind wondered. Somehow, my mind knew so well who they were talking about, a stranger that offered me a hand, though it was too late for me. The woman they called the decayed. I knew nothing about trial, but my intuition was certain that they were talking about that woman.