I did not remember when I fell asleep, but morning had come. Somehow I slept longer, as far as I remembered, I did not wake up in the middle of the night. Food was already prepared next to me, next to the knife. They had not removed the knife.

I felt strong enough to at least just stand next to the window. Allowing myself to be bathed in the warmth of the morning light, yet I did not want to open the window, I also took some distance so no one would be able to see me from outside.

For some reason the weather in my heart had also been lifted since the previous day, though it was still mostly cloudy. I stood, long enough, leaning on the wall next to the window. Looking into the distance. Everything was normal, I had a normal life. I would have been married in a few months. I would have lived happily. I would still work at the halls of Valhalla, where not all Aesirs could visit.

I wished that day never happened, that normal day I was working a bit late to clean up the mess from the nightly feast like all other maids. Why me? What wrongdoings had I done to deserve it? Why did it not befall some other maids that I knew were not good? I tried my best to always be a good girl, a good person, honest and cheerful, yet it happened to me?

I gazed far, farther away than my inner monologue could take me, until I saw someone faraway. He piqued my interest as almost every person he passed bowed to him. He walked nonchalantly, pridefully but not looking down. He greeted back when some other people greeted him. He was someone to be feared, but I have faced worse. Eventually he walked and stopped right in front of my house. He gazed through the window as if he knew I was hiding behind the curtains.

He knocked. He must have been looking for me, or so I believed. The door opened, must be my mother since my father should be working at the fields. He bowed with a very gentlemanly gesture, and I saw him coming in.

I stood frozen next to the window. Not long after, I could hear a soft knock to my room and my mother appeared. “Garaam, you are awake”.

“Yes,” I answered with a weak voice.

“There is…” my mother did not know how to explain it.

“A guest… for me…” I answered.

She seemed worried, and afraid at the same time, but she answered “Yes”. There was some moment of silence after she said that. I did not know what to do, I glanced back to the faraway sky.

“Would you…” my mother hesitated, but she also could not resist.

“Yes,” I said. I have been hiding in my room for several days already. The room had been my safehaven though it could not hide the nightmare that had been cast upon me. I did not want to leave my room, it was physically and mentally daunting, and meeting another person would be even harder. I wished, all of these were nothing but a nightmare, again and again. If possible I might as well just end my life which I could not.

My mother was waiting. Then, I just moved. Just move. Nothing to think about. I took a single step, then another step, then faster, and faster. I did not know, I would just rather move because I had to, fast or else I’d hesitate. And finally, I reached the stairs. Someone had been sitting waiting in the room, he smiled at me, not a malicious smile, but everyone knew to be wary of him, the God of Trickster, Loki. The decayed’s father.