For the first time in my life, I felt excited about meeting a man. Maybe I was just around that age.
I picked my white dress with excitement, I cleansed my body extra clean, because I knew this man would make me very messy. I tied my hair for the first time after countless cycles of night and day. I also ensured that I have enough items to be intimate to this man, and even prepared a well lit hidden space only for the two of us.

I wondered what would my father or my brothers think if they read my mind.

“Johann, you would have more fun with me compared to what you had with Garaam” or so I told myself.

Everyday, at Idavoll just right outside of the halls of Valhalla, the Einherjars fought, to be wounded, to be killed, to be ressurected. Johann is no exception. And, I have dug a hole, far below Idavoll to meet with him.

I sat in the corner of the cave that I dug, closing my eyes, I focused my hearings to every footsteps, every laughter, every words, every scream. Johann does not like to charge first, he liked to wait until things became chaotic, and it was easy to pinpoint him. With a small gesture of my hand, I grabbed his leg through my magic, and unbeknownst to anyone, I pulled him through the land, the soils, the dirt until he fell broken in front of me screaming.

He was full on blood as his flesh and armor was all that protected him as he dug through the land. Several of his bones were already broken due to the impact and forced propulsion. I did not forget to ensure the hole is filled back to hide the evidences.

“Arghh.. w-what..” he was out of breathe and tried to endure the pain. I could commend him for surviving that. Most people would die.
“Welcome to my secret chamber” I smiled brightly.

Download the Medium App
He tried to come to his senses, he struggle to even do that. He even needed to force his head to bend to be able to see who was standing next to him greeting him.

“Y-you…” he tried to talk.

“Ah, you know me? Well I know I am kinda popular, aw, you flattered me”
“What.. what are…” he still could not speak.

“Well, you are the first man I ever invited to be alone with me. Let us keep this a secret between us. Especially not to Freya and my father” I laughed.

With his nearly torn arm, which was protected by the heavy armor he had, he tried to stand.

“Oh, dont force yourself, you can just stay still”. I kicked his hand, a bit hard that it flew.
He fell and he was silent for a moment, until he realized what happened, he screamed so hard.

“WHY”

“Its okay, you just need to lie down. Since I am an aggressive woman, I will do the deed for you, now let me open your broken armor for you” I told him. He was not afraid of me, I could see eyes of hatred, then I started to force open his armor which was bent over and rip the armor piece by piece. And he screamed so hard, but no one would ever listen.
