I woke up that day. I have forgotten how many cycles of sleep, wake up then back to another slumber that I have encountered, with many nightmares and sweet dreams rotating, bringing memories one, and some other dream were the ones where I woke up inside of a dream, a multi layered dream that rendered the reality was nothing but a nightmare. Then, I woke up again to reality, rendering the sweet dreams to be a nightmare.

I was stuck, with hatred, with suffering, with void. Then that day, I woke up, somewhat I could breathe easy, though I was still fuzzy. I did not know what to feel, what to want, what to wish, but that day, I woke up lighter. I sat on my bed, the kitchen knife I was holding tight was sitting to the desk next to my bed. She said that I would not be needing that knife.

A soft knock was heard, and my mother appeared, to her surprise, she found her daughter already woke up and sitting by the side of the bed. “Garaam!” she said, she rushed to hug me. Her voice brought my father along.

I did not know what to say, not even know how to react. I did not response to their hugs. I kinda wished someone else came, my fiancee, but I do realize the 3 days of my endless cycle of nightmare, he never once came. In fact, the way they hugged me did not console me, but game me some flashbacks of what had happened prior, I cried again, but they did not.

Download the Medium app
When I stopped crying, I realized that it was not early in the morning, I woke up quite late in the afternoon, even dawn would visit in a few hours.

“I know you might not feel like it, but please eat” said my mother, I just nodded. She fed me with a bowl of porridge. I could taste it, I knew I felt hungry, but I did not feel like eating.

That day I did not move from my room. I slept again through the day til night, until I heard a knock to our home, appeared to be some guests. I could hear my father greeted them, but I could not hear what they were talking about, it was quite a long discussion.

I sat on my bed, gazing all the moons that were visible through my window. I felt my back tired from sitting, my arms weary from holding to my weight, but I did not feel like moving, I just sat there motionless. The air of the night somewhat reminds me of how I tried to finish cleaning the halls when that happened, and my body shivered again. But, again somewhat I shivered due to the memory, but I felt better that day.

The guests were leaving. Took them long enough, but they chat in front of my home which I could overheard through the window. “She will be tried, and maybe your daughter will be called to testify”.

“She?” my mind wonders. My mind knew so well who they were talking about, some stranger that somewhat tried to help me amidst it being too late. The decayed woman. I knew nothing about trial, but somewhat my intuition was sure that it was that woman that will be tried.
