I did not remember when did I fall asleep, but morning has come. Somehow I slept longer, while usually I had numerous cycle a night. Food, was already prepared next to me, next to the knife. They have not removed the knife.

I felt strong enough to at least just stand next to the window. Allowing myself to be bathed in the warmth of the morning light, yet I did not want to open the window, I also took some distance so no one would be able to see me from outside.

For some reason the weather in my heart has been lifted since the previous day, though it was still mostly cloudy. I stood, long enough, leaning on the wall next to the window. Looking at some far distance. Everything was normal, I had a normal life. I would have been married in a several tens of days. I would have lived happily. I would still work at the halls of Valhalla, where not all Aesirs could visit. I wished that day never happened, that normal day working to clean up the mess from the nightly feast like all other maids, and yet I was the victim. I might have wished other girls would be better to face what I experienced as I was a better person than them.

I gazed far, farther away than my inner monologue could take me, until I saw someone faraway piqued my interest as almost every people he passed bowed to him. He walked nonchalantly, pride but not looking down, and seemed to also greet back when some other people greeted him. Someone to be feared, but I have faced worse. And eventually he walked and stopped right in front of my residence, and he seemed to look right through me towards the window amidst me being upstairs and tried to hid myself.

He knocked. He must have been looking for me, or so I believed. I saw that he spoke to someone which I believed would be my mother. He bowed with a very gentlemanly gesture, and I saw him coming in.

Become a Medium member
I stood frozen next to the window. Not long after, a soft knock to my room and my mother appeared. “Garaam, you are awake”.

“Yes” I answered with a weak voice.

“There is…” my mother did not know how to explain it.

“A guest… for me…” I answered.

She seemed worried, and afraid at the same time, but she answered “Yes”. There was some moment of silence after she said that. I did not know what to do, I glanced back to the faraway sky.

“Would you…” my mother hesitated, but she also could not resist.

“Yes” I said. I have been hiding in my room for several days already. The room has been my safehaven, though the nightmare has been casted upon me. I did not want to leave my room, if possible I might as well just end my life. And to take a single step outside, would be very hard for me, and let alone meeting another person. I wished, all of these were nothing but a nightmare, again and again.

My mother was waiting. Then, I just move. Just move. Nothing to think about. I walked a step, then another step, then faster, and faster. I did not know, I’d just rather move because I have to, fast or else I’d hesitate. And finally, I reached the stairs. Someone has been sitting waiting in the room, he smiled to me, not a malicious smile, but everyone knew to be warry of him, the God of Trickster, Loki. The decayed’s father.
